Below is the feedback I recieved and (mostly) implemented...

Kaden:
"Hey Brandon! I really liked your topic, I thought it was quite clever. Here's my 2 cents:

Post 1: I really like your design and layout, it looks clean and professional. My suggestion would be to 
add a link to your next post at the bottom for easy access. I know it would be retrospective, but it would 
help set up your readers for more.

Post 2: I love your questions and graphs, they were very interesting. I did notice a type on this line: 
"Then we simply take that lit of dictionaries". Other than that, my other suggestion would be to change 
up the graph style a little bit, all of them look very similar (except the network graph, and that one 
was pretty hard to decipher).

Overall, I thought you did a really great job! Good work!"


Isaac Aguilar:
"Hi Brandon, Data - Cleanup blog is very well organized. I think you meet every requirement for the class. 
I speacilly liked that added a table to your blog instead of an image of your table. (That was indirect 
feedback for me hehe).

For your EDA, I like your conclusion about the possible connections in the program, though I wish they 
were more easy to identify in the plot. I liked that you put the code so it is easier to replicate, but 
it might be to much for the blog. That's just personal opinion."


Davis Dowdle:
"Hey Brandon! If it's not too late, here's some of my feedback:

Post 1: I really liked this because it was super concise and organized. Not super important but it might be 
helpful to quickly comment some of the code chunks so the reader can skim some of the code easier but it's 
not that deep. If you're already past it, don't worry about it.

Post 2: I like the Q&A format. It makes the format legible and easy to follow. I think maybe you could be a 
little more specific about how analyzing this data can be meaningful in the conclusion. Maybe some examples 
would be nice. It might also be nice if you briefly mention why this is impactful in the introduction so the 
reader can understand the impact of your findings as they read.

Nice work man!"






